Recommend the config to an appsignal.js file (#575)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/guides/configuration.html.md

After installation a JavaScript file with AppSignal config can be created to configure AppSignal. If no file with AppSignal configuration is present, it is most likely using [system environment variables][env] as a configuration method instead.

> Configuration for Appsignal for Node.js apps we recommend creating an `appsignal.js` file with the AppSignal config in the root or `src` directory of the project. Then require/import it from the app's code __before any other packages are required/imported__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Appsignal for Node.js apps we recommend creating an `appsignal.js` file with the AppSignal config in the root or `src` directory of the project. Then require/import it from the app's code __before any other packages are required/imported__.
```

### Front-end JavaScript

> Configuration for AppSignal for front-end JavaScript we recommend creating an `appsignal.js` file with the AppSignal config in the root or `src` directory of the project. Then require/import it from the app's code __before any other packages are required/imported__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure AppSignal for front-end JavaScript we recommend creating an `appsignal.js` file with the AppSignal config in the root or `src` directory of the project. Then require/import it from the app's code __before any other packages are required/imported__.
```
